TSMC: A Strong Buy At All-Time Highs
Summary
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited delivered strong Q3 results, beating expectations with robust revenue growth and expanding gross margins.
TSMC dominates the foundry market with over 70% share, benefiting from surging AI chip demand. The company is seeing strong revenue and earnings momentum. Gross margins are rising.
The foundry raised its 2025 revenue and CapEx guidance amid a booming AI chip market.
TSMC trades at a significant discount to peers like NVDA and AMD, offering an attractive value-to-risk profile and 23% upside potential.
Despite cyclicality risks, TSMC's market leadership and profitability support a continued strong buy rating, even near all-time highs.

Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited aka TSMC (NYSE:TSM) submitted a strong earnings sheet for the third fiscal quarter on Thursday, highlighting strong profitability amid consistent spending momentum in the Data Center industry as well as an ability to expand its gross margins. The foundry beat expectations on the bottom and the top lines and the financial figures painted a very rosy picture for this chip play.

TSMC continues to dominate the foundry market and reported double-digit earnings growth in the September quarter. Despite sizzling business performance, shares of the foundry are still very attractively valued and much cheaper compared to Nvidia (NVDA), as an example. I see a favorable risk profile amid a massive market share in the foundry industry and a raised guidance for FY 2025 revenue, and I continue to recommend TSMC as a Strong Buy, despite shares of the foundry trading at all-time highs.

Previous rating
Shares of Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing were a Strong Buy for me previously -- The Only AI Fab Game In Town -- because of the firm's dominant position in the foundry market. In the third-quarter, TSMC benefited from a strong order situation for AI chips and the company was able to translate demand for its products into serious growth for revenue and earnings. I like that TSMC continues to expand its gross margins, highlighting pricing strength, and I see continual upside revaluation momentum if current CapEx trends last.

TSMC beat Q3 ’25 estimates
The world’s biggest foundry reported better-than-expected results for its September quarter amid a major AI chip spending splurge: TSMC had GAAP earnings of $2.92 per-share, beating the consensus estimate by $0.32 per-share. The top line came in at $33.1B and was $1.5B better than the average prediction.

TSMC is one of the largest semiconductor companies in the world occupying a crucial part in the semiconductor value chain: TSMC manufacturers, on behalf of the world’s largest chip-design companies, high-performing AI chips in its foundries. These chips are used in everything from electric vehicles to robots and Data Centers, and are the hottest commodity in the hyperscaler market right now.

In the third fiscal quarter, TSMC generated $33.1B in net revenue, showing a massive 41% year-over-year growth rate… and beating the firm’s own guidance of $31.8-33.0B in revenue. TSMC’s revenue growth has soared in recent quarters, especially in the last two years, as a booming market for AI chips caused serious tailwinds for the company’s core chip manufacturing business.

Importantly, TSMC managed to translate this sizzling demand for AI chips into real margin and earnings growth. In Q3 ’25, TSMC had a gross margin of 59.5%, showing a 0.9 PP margin gain compared to the previous quarter and exceeding the top-end of its third-quarter guidance by 2 PP. In terms of earnings, TSMC’s income grew a massive 39.0% year-over-year, highlighting that the company is able to grow very profitably.


The ability to grow both quickly and improve its profitability profile is directly related to TSMC controlling most of the foundry market.

TSMC is the most significant foundry player in the industry that is manufacturing AI chips on behalf of companies like Nvidia, Advanced Micro Devices (AMD), and Apple (AAPL). In the second quarter, the last quarter for which market share data is available, TSMC allegedly had a market share of ~71%, according to Counterpoint Research, leading Samsung and other foundries by a lot. TSMC earlier this year increased its investment program and is now targeting $165B in investments in the U.S. in order to build domestic chip manufacturing capacities.


As the world's largest foundry, TSMC is well positioned to benefit from increases in capital spending in the Data Center industry. Nvidia is projecting that CapEx spending in this market is set to grow to $3-4 trillion by the end of the decade which calculates to 40% average annual growth. This growth, which may be driven especially by AI investments in the industrial realm, could be a major boost for TSMC which is already heavily investing in ramping up its AI chip production.

In terms of free cash flow, TSMC remained highly profitable as well in Q3, although the company should be expected to sacrifice short term profitability in order to grow its manufacturing capabilities in the quarters ahead.

In the third quarter, TSMC generated free cash flow of NT$139.4B, showing a decline rate of 25% year-over-year, mainly due to higher CapEx (+39% Y/Y). As a result, the foundry's free cash flow margin contracted by more than 10 PP year-over-year to 14.1% as of the end of the September quarter.

TSMC’s valuation
In addition to strong secular growth momentum across key performance metrics such as revenue, gross margin and earnings, TSMC has one of the most appealing risk profiles, in my opinion.

The semiconductor company is growing its business hand over fist and currently trades at a forward price-to-revenue ratio of 26.1X… making the chip enterprise significantly cheaper than Nvidia or AMD. Technically, Nvidia and AMD are chip-design companies and depend on TSMC for chip manufacturing, but all companies benefit fundamentally from the same underlying growth drivers in the Data Center industry: AI.

Shares of Nvidia and AMD are trading, on a forward FY 2026 basis, at earnings multipliers of 28.3X and 37.3X. AMD especially has become significantly more expensive lately after the company announced a landmark chip deal with OpenAI (OPENAI). Nvidia, the world's largest chip-design company, struck its own $100B investment deal with OpenAI in September that ensures that the Chat.GPT creator will get access to Nvidia's upcoming Vera Rubin GPU platform (expected for 2026).

I fully expect shares of TSMC to achieve at least a ~30X forward earnings multiplier which at this point implies a fair value of $369. This calculation is based off of a consensus EPS estimate of $12.29/share next year which implies approximately 23% upside revaluation potential.

Raised outlook for CapEx and revenue
Soaring demand for leading-edge chips for AI applications has led TSMC to raised its guidance for key metrics for FY 2025 on Thursday as well: TSMC expects to spend between $40-42B on capital investments this year, showing a $2.0B raise at the low-end of guidance. The firm's revenue guidance for FY 2025 implies 35% year-over-year growth vs. 30% earlier this year.

Risks with TSMC
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing is growing rapidly, but risks exist that should not be discounted. TSMC runs an enormously capital-intensive business which limits competition. However, capital spending in the semiconductor industry is notoriously volatile and demand for chips can disappear overnight if companies fear a recession and adjust their CapEx levels in expectations of slowing demand. What would my change my mind about TSMC is if the semiconductor enterprise were to see a sector-wide decline in CapEx spending or started to see a gross margin contraction in its manufacturing business.

Final thoughts
Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing submitted a strong earnings sheet for the third fiscal quarter on Thursday that was marked by strong revenue growth, gross margin expansion and material earnings momentum. TSMC is still by far the world’s largest foundry, with a market share of more than 70% (based off of Counterpoint Q2 '25 market data) which makes the company a potential winner, in my book, as hyperscalers and chip firms race to up-grade their IT infrastructures in the next several years. Shares are moderately valued given the strength of the value proposition and I continue to see a lot of upside revaluation potential for TSMC... even with shares trading at all-time highs.

Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks.